### Multilevel and Hierarchical Models
This repository contains 2 case studys of Multilevel and Hierarchical Models in terms of Frequentist and Bayesian Statistics, please unzip data folder and change the directory while loading data
### Case Study1
A film production company wants to know what makes for a successful movie. They have collected box office information about films which released in the US in 2019 as well as some variables they suspect are predictive of box office success. In particular, they wish to know whether a film’s budget and critical score are predictive of it’s net profits.

### Case Study2
Identifying and estimating how different groups will perform in big elections event is one of the most significant investigation in United States. In this study we could focus on political campaign analysis in North Carolina based on Bayesian hierarchical model evaluation. One original data about voter registration in 2016 and turnout data is from the North Carolina State Board of Elections (NCSBE), which the agency charged with the administration of the elections process and campaign finance disclosure and compliance. Another collects the Census data from Census Bureau in U.S. Federal Statistical System, and here we assume that these figures accurately represent populations in 2016. The goal will be designed by the interests in different registration performance in diverse demographic subgroups, various counties, separated genders and age groups for different party affiliations in 2016 selections.
